1. Why did you choose the tools, libraries, and language you used for the coding exercise?

I chose Node.js because I'm the most comfortable with this language (for projects especially). All my side projects and businesses I've always used Node.JS so it's a lot more fun for me to use. I used fs, and csv-parser for this coding exercise because they are well-suited for handling 
file operations and data parsing. The fs module provides an API for interacting with the file system, making it easy to read and write files.
The csv-parser library is specifically designed for parsing CSV files, which is the format used in the exercise so I thought it would be a nice clean package to use.

2. What are the advantages and disadvantages of your solution?
The advantages of my solution is that it provides solid error messages, so a user can figure out if they are getting errors.
I'd say the code is pretty clean as well and if someone were to look at it, they'd be able to understand it fairly quickly.
I think disadvantages is that we go through the data multiple times, so we could definetely optimize this.

3. What has been a favorite school/personal project thus far? What about it that challenged you?

My favorite personal project by far has been Dunk Proxies. I got into computer science and coding in a really interesting way.
I sold shoes back in middle school and high school. And a lot of times these shoes would be very limited in quantity making it very 
hard to aquire. Fast-forwarding a few friends of mine told me that instead of me doing hard labour and waiting and walking in lines for 
upwards of 3-4 hours to get 1 pair of shoes. I should instead learn how to code and make a sneaker bot. So that's exactly what I did, I
ended up learning the MERN stack, and made a sneaker software company called Dunk Proxies which sold IPV4 proxies, it was my first full-stack
project which included, a React website with Stripe payment integration and Twilio SendGrid API that sent out authentication tokens that allowed
customers to redeem their IPV4 proxies from my server. It was great combining 2 of my passions, sneakers and coding to create a business.
I still have customers I still talk to from time to time and more than anything the experience and connections I made through this was 
one of my most memorable parts of my teenage years.
